README.md, before:

## Hello there, I'm **Kashi** and Welcome to my Profile! 
![PFP](https://i.pinimg.com/564x/5a/47/72/5a4772576d1646df2ec383a3df45b9d8.jpg)
### About Me ✏️
- 👨‍💻 I'm currently an 18 year old doing a gap year for university, the reason for it is listed in the last bulletpoint!
- 🌐 I'm a **Node.js and C++ Developer** with experience on a big diversity of projects.
- 🎮 I'm also kinda big into games, so if you ever need someone to play with, you can always contact me.
- 🌌 I love studying **AstroPhysics** and would love to work on a project that includes something to do with that in the future (maybe like a simulator or something).
- 📚 Currently learning **LLVM**, compiler development, AI development and some other interesting stuff :).
- 🌍 Currently Learning **Japanese** and **German** as well, planning to study CS in Germany this year!
  
**tldr:** 18, on a gap year studying german for university, C++ and JS experience.

### Projects to Showcase 📋
As of right now, the projects in showcase are pinned (not so impressive projects, I know). However, in the future, I'm planning on publicising more projects so they can be displayed in this section as well.
There are some projects that I haven't published yet (definitely not because I'm lazy lol), but they will be published once they are decently completed or well enough for so. :)

### Contact & Website 📩
working on the website, you can contact me through my discord though (kashidev) :P (if you do decide to contact me, please say you come from github so I know you're not one of those nitro gift beggars or something)
![under construction](https://preview.redd.it/under-construction-v0-g32eq22eum8b1.png?width=1547&format=png&auto=webp&s=ea96e2944aeeac06569b12124771afa9ee5ae85e)
(credit where it's due - https://www.reddit.com/r/PixelArt/comments/14kqwpu/under_construction/)

Commit message:

Update profile details and skills section
Updated personal information and skills overview in README.

README.md, after:

## Hello there, I'm **Kashi** and Welcome to my Profile! 
![PFP](https://i.pinimg.com/564x/5a/47/72/5a4772576d1646df2ec383a3df45b9d8.jpg)
### About Me ✏️
- 👨‍💻 I'm a 19 year old (1st year) CS student in Germany.
- 🌐 I'm a **Node.js and C++ Developer** with experience on various diverse projects. (Unfortunately some are still unfinished and private but I am working on that!)
- 🎮 I'm also kind of big into games, so if you ever want someone to play with, you can always contact me.
- 🌌 I love studying **AstroPhysics** and **Quantum Computing** and would love to work on projects involving that in the future!
- 📚 Currently studying AI/ML (algs), libuv event loop (the more annoying things), concurrency (in a "lower-level") and some other interesting stuff :)
- 🌍 Passionate about **Japanese** and **German** as well! (currently N4 & A2.2 respectively)
  
**tldr:** 19, studying CS in Germany, C++ and JS experience.

### Quick Overview on Skills 🛠️
Even though people measure skill level differently (since it's relative), for the sake of simplicity, I'm just going to use the labels "Proficient", "Advanced", "Competent" and "Familiar" and the notes will explain why I chose that label. Please also remember every assigned level was off of pure opinion with no ego intended, I try to humble myself as much as possible while also keeping things somewhat realistic to my CURRENT situation. :)
| What | Level | Notes |
| ---  | ----  | ----  |
| NodeJS | Proficient | I can use NodeJS for a wide variety of projects and am largely comfortable using it. I mainly use NodeJS for personal or even esoteric projects, thus I don't plan on using it professionally. |
| C++ | Advanced | I'm improving everyday & have decent experience in very specific domains. My goal is to use C++ professionally in the future though. |
| C | Competent | Most of my C experience comes from University so far. I haven't worked on any major projects with C. |
| Python | Competent | I've briefly worked on crypto related projects, and also some light game development in the past. However, it's been a couple of years since I've touched python so I'm very rusty nowadays and would need a very strong push to get back on my feet. |
| Databases | Competent | I have worked extensively with MongoDB and I'm on the process of making a Database of my own! I've also studied a lot how Databases work, DB properties, techniques, ... however, I think I should still humble myself here since this is not exactly my area of expertise. |

There are also other tools & "soft skills" that I didn't include since I find it somewhat useless to rate.

### Projects to Showcase 📋
As of this moment I don't have any projects to showcase but I'm working on very interesting things that I might publish soon! :)

### Contact & Website 📩
Also working on my website, however, you can contact me through my discord (kashidev) if you have any questions :D (PS: if you do decide to contact me, please let me know you come from github so I know you're not a "nitro gift beggars" or a scammer or something like that)
![under construction](https://preview.redd.it/under-construction-v0-g32eq22eum8b1.png?width=1547&format=png&auto=webp&s=ea96e2944aeeac06569b12124771afa9ee5ae85e)
(credit where it's due - https://www.reddit.com/r/PixelArt/comments/14kqwpu/under_construction/)
